Update with information about the conda package (#22)
vyasr/synced_collections: README.md

## Installation

The recommended installation method for **synced_collections** is through **conda** or **pip**.
The software is tested for Python 3.8+ and is built for all major platforms.

> To install **synced_collections** *via* the [conda-forge](https://conda-forge.github.io/) channel, execute:

Reviewer: This URL redirects.
```suggestion
To install **synced_collections** *via* the [conda-forge](https://conda-forge.org/) channel, execute:
```
